# Reflection

Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out reflection on the assignment.

## Question 1
#### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists.
**Answer:** In addition to their established use -- that is, a sort of roster for this class -- a pedagogical use of the flipping-card layout is to aid memorization and strengthen recognition. This  layout is helpful in general, because of its applicability to all fields of study, ease of study, and visible, promising results. Their straight-forward question-answer format is also very convenient, which allows for _spaced repition_; one side of the card acts as the trigger, while the flipside serves as the desired association. For historians and humanists in particular, flip-cards are helpful because they can help to associate key events with key dates, and key people with key achievements. An example of a flip-card for historians and humanitarians would be something like: Side 1: 35th President of USA, Side 2: John F. Kennedy, or Side 1: World War II, Side 2: 1939-1945.

## Question 2
#### This assignment asks you all to perform a certain amount of work (describing yourselves) in order to improve a project (the course roster website). What responsibilities does the "researcher" (in this case, your teacher) have to the participants (you)? What rights do or should the participants have to the end product?
**Answer:** The nature of this assignment is such that students must upload their own workspaces back onto a public realm, so to be graded. In such a grading system, teachers have many responsibilities, and the students have many rights. For the purpose of this short answer, students are entitled to the following 1) privacy wherever and whenever explicitly requested, 2) clear, easy-to-follow instructions on the production, development, and submission of their assignment 3) access to the final product. In addition, it would be ideal because it would be largely beneficial if students could receive feedback on their submissions, and then one more chance to review and re-submit, based on feedback and new knowledge acquired.

## Question 3
#### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?
**Answer:** According to the pedagogical purpose mentioned above, the fields required would again consist of keys, and their corresponding values. In this case, however, the "keys" may be, for example, names of key personalities throughout history, and their corresponding "values" would be either their key achievements in history, their specific significance in history, or a relevant timeline. For example, Key: _John F. Kennedy_, Value: 35th President of USA, 1961-1963. Similarly, another Key: Canadian Independence, Value: 01 July, 1867. This particular set-up of field-data may lend some obstacles to historical and humanitarian studies in particular, because these are dendesly-packed fields of study, wherein extensive information is often required. Having basic field entries may limit the many lengthy details necessary for the two principles.